[ADD] referrals: moving share jobs section to new doc (#9319)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/referrals/share_job.rst

Reviewer: Please update the .rst filename or the media folder name to match:
```
referrals/share_job.rst (file)
vs
referrals/share_jobs/ (folder)
```

===================
Share job positions
===================

In Odoo *Referrals*, users can earn referral points by sharing job positions with potential
applicants. Job positions can be shared in several ways, through the :ref:`View Jobs
<referrals/view-jobs>` button and the :ref:`Email A Friend <referrals/email-jobs>` button, located
at the bottom of the *Referrals* app dashboard.

.. note::
   Sharing jobs can **only** occur after onboarding slides have been viewed or skipped.

.. _referrals/view-jobs:

View Jobs
=========

To see all job positions that are actively recruiting candidates, click the :guilabel:`View Jobs`
button on the main *Referrals* dashboard. This presents all job positions, with each individual job

> presented in its own card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
presented with its own card.
```

.. image:: share-jobs/jobs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The 'View Jobs' screen, displaying all current open job positions. All information is
         displayed on the card.

Each job position card contains the following information:

> - The title of the job position. This information is taken from the :guilabel:`Job Position` field

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The title of the job position. This information is taken from the *Job Position* field
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The various sharing icons that appear for each job.

Link
----

To share the job position with a customized tracking link, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button
with the :icon:`fa-chain` :guilabel:`(link)` icon inside it. A :guilabel:`Link to Share` pop-up
window appears with the tracking link. Click :guilabel:`Copy` to copy the link. After the link is
copied, click the :guilabel:`Close` button to close the pop-up window. Next, share the link with
the prospective employee.

Facebook
--------

To share the job position using Facebook, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the
:guilabel:`f (Facebook)` icon inside it.

If the user is already logged into Facebook, when the :guilabel:`f (Facebook)` icon is clicked, a
:guilabel:`Share on Facebook` page loads in a new tab, with the link populated in the main body of
the new post in a pop-up window. If the user is *not* already logged in, a log-in screen loads,
instead, prompting the user to log-in to Facebook first.

Type in any additional information to add to the post, then share the job position using the
available options in Facebook.

X (formerly Twitter)
--------------------

> A job position can also be shared on X. Click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the

Author: Sam commented in another PR to not have the (formerly Twitter) present in the section as it's a lot to read/look at. Since it's in the title, he felt that was enough- and I tend to agree.

options in X.

LinkedIn
--------

To share a job position on LinkedIn, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the :guilabel:`in
(LinkedIn logo)` inside it.

If the user is already logged into LinkedIn, when the :guilabel:`Share Now` button is clicked, a new
tab loads in LinkedIn, with a link to the job position at the top. If the user is *not* already
logged in, a log-in screen loads instead, prompting the user to log-in to LinkedIn first.

The job position can be shared either in a public post, or in a private message to an individual (or
group of individuals).

Type in any additional information, or make any edits to the message or post, then share using the
available options in LinkedIn.

.. _referrals/email-jobs:

Email a friend
--------------

Another way to share job opportunities is to share the entire current list of open job positions
instead of one job position at a time. To do this, navigate to the :menuselection:`Referrals` main
dashboard. Click the :guilabel:`Email a friend` button at the bottom of the screen. A
:guilabel:`Send Job Offer by Mail` pop-up window appears.

Enter the email address in the :guilabel:`Email` line. The email can be sent to multiple

> recipients by separating each email address with a comma followed by a single space. The

Author: I almost feel like that is too much hand-holding, and something most people can do?

===================
Share job positions
===================

> In order to earn referral points, a user must first share a job position, so the applicant can apply
> for the position. Job positions can be shared in several ways within the *Referrals* application,
> through the :ref:`View Jobs <referrals/view-jobs>` button and the :ref:`Email A Friend
> <referrals/email-jobs>` button, located at the bottom of the *Referrals* app dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Odoo *Referrals*, users can earn referral points by sharing job positions with potential applicants.
Job positions can be shared in several ways, through the :ref:`View Jobs <referrals/view-jobs>` button and the :ref:`Email A Friend <referrals/email-jobs>` button, located at the bottom of the *Referrals* app dashboard.
```
Optional wording change!

.. note::
   Sharing jobs can **only** occur after onboarding slides have been viewed or skipped.

.. _referrals/view-jobs:

View Jobs
=========

To see all job positions that are actively recruiting candidates, click the :guilabel:`View Jobs`

> button on the main Referrals dashboard. This presents all job positions, with each individual job

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
button on the main *Referrals* dashboard. This presents all job positions, with each individual job
```

presented in its own card.

.. image:: share-jobs/jobs.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The 'View Jobs' screen, displaying all current open job positions. All information is
         displayed on the card.

Each job position card contains the following information:

- The title of the job position. This information is taken from the :guilabel:`Job Position` field
  of the job form.
- The number of positions being recruited. This information is taken from the :guilabel:`Expected
  New Employees` field of the :guilabel:`Recruitment` tab of the job form.
- The points a user will earn when an applicant applies for the position.
- The job description detailing the job position. This information is taken from the :guilabel:`Job
  Position` tab of the job form.

To see all the details for a job position, click the :guilabel:`More Info` button on the specific
card. This opens the job position webpage in a new browser tab. This is what an applicant sees
before applying for a position.

.. note::

>    Only published job positions will be visible in the Referrals app. To check which job positions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Only published job positions will be visible in the *Referrals* app. To check which job positions
```

   are published or not, refer to the :doc:`../recruitment/new_job` documentation.

Refer friends
=============

To share a job position with someone, click the :guilabel:`Refer Friend` button on the specific job

> position card. A pre-configured :guilabel:`Send Job Offer by Mail` email pop-up window appears.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
position card. A pre-configured :guilabel:`Send Job Offer by Mail` pop-up window appears.
```
I think the pop-up name indicates that it is for mail

Enter the recipient's email address in the :guilabel:`Email` field.

The subject and body are populated using a default template. The subject `Job for you` appears, and
can be modified if desired.

The specific title of the job position will populate the :guilabel:`Job Position` placeholder in the
email body. The `See Job Offer` text in the email body is an individualized tracking link to the
specific job position listed on the website. When the prospective employee receives the email, the
link will send them to the job position page, where they can apply for the position, and the person
who referred them is tracked in the *Referrals* application.

If desired, add any text or closing salutation to the email body. When all edits have been made,

> click :guilabel:`Send Email` to send the email, or click :guilabel:`Cancel` to close the email

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
click :guilabel:`Send Email` to send the email, or click :guilabel:`Cancel` to close the
```

pop-up window.

.. image:: share-jobs/email.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Referral email pop-up window with the email message inside it.

Share a job
===========

> Other than sending an email, job positions can be shared, via social media platforms, and tracking

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Other than sending an email, job positions can be shared via social media platforms, and by tracking
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The various sharing icons that appear for each job.

Link
----

To share the job position with a customized tracking link, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button
with the :icon:`fa-chain` :guilabel:`(link)` icon inside it. A :guilabel:`Link to Share` pop-up
window appears with the tracking link. Click :guilabel:`Copy` to copy the link. After the link is
copied, click the :guilabel:`Close` button to close the pop-up window. Next, share the link with
the prospective employee.

Facebook
--------

To share the job position using Facebook, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the
:guilabel:`f (Facebook)` icon inside it.

If the user is already logged into Facebook, when the :guilabel:`f (Facebook)` icon is clicked, a
:guilabel:`Share on Facebook` page loads in a new tab, with the link populated in the main body of
the new post in a pop-up window. If the user is *not* already logged in, a log-in screen loads,
instead, prompting the user to log-in to Facebook first.

Type in any additional information to add to the post, then share the job position using the
available options in Facebook.

X (formerly Twitter)
--------------------

> A job position can also be shared on X (formerly Twitter). Click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button

Reviewer 3: Just a suggestion - I think after writing it as X (formerly Twitter) on this line, we could just refer to it as X. It gets a little cumbersome to read it a few times after this. Totally up to you

prompting the user to sign in to X (formerly Twitter).

The default message is:

:guilabel:`Amazing job offer for (Job Position)! Check it live: (link to Job Position)`

Type in any additional information, or make any edits to the message, then share using the available
options in X (formerly Twitter).

LinkedIn
--------

To share a job position on LinkedIn, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the :guilabel:`in
(LinkedIn logo)` inside it.

If the user is already logged into LinkedIn, when the :guilabel:`Share Now` button is clicked, a new
tab loads in LinkedIn, with a link to the job position at the top. If the user is *not* already
logged in, a log-in screen loads instead, prompting the user to log-in to LinkedIn first.

The job position can be shared either in a public post, or in a private message to an individual (or
group of individuals).

Type in any additional information, or make any edits to the message or post, then share using the
available options in LinkedIn.

.. _referrals/email-jobs:

Email a friend
--------------

Another way to share job opportunities is to share the entire current list of open job positions

> instead of one job position at a time. To do this, navigate to the main *Referrals* app dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
instead of one job position at a time. To do this, navigate to the :menuselection:`Referrals` main dashboard.
```
I think since you are telling them to navigate somewhere, this gets a menuselection tag

Click the :guilabel:`Email a friend` button at the bottom of the screen. A :guilabel:`Send Job Offer
by Mail` pop-up window appears.

Enter the email address in the :guilabel:`Email` line. The email can be sent to multiple

> recipients, simply enter a comma followed by a single space after each email address. The

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
recipients by separating each email address with a comma followed by a single space. The
```

----

To share the job position with a customized tracking link, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button
with the :icon:`fa-chain` :guilabel:`(link)` icon above it. A :guilabel:`Link to Share` pop-up
window appears with the tracking link. Click :guilabel:`Copy` to copy the link. After the link is
copied, click the :guilabel:`Close` button to close the pop-up window. Next, share the link with
the prospective employee.

Facebook
--------

To share the job position using Facebook, click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the
:icon:`fa-facebook` :guilabel:`(Facebook)` icon above it.

If the user is already logged into Facebook, when the the :guilabel:`Share Now` button is clicked, a
:guilabel:`Share on Facebook` page loads in a new tab, with the link populated in the main body of
the new post in a pop-up window. If the user is *not* already logged in, a log-in screen loads,
instead, prompting the user to log-in to Facebook first.

Type in any additional information to add to the post, then share the job position using the
available options in Facebook.

X (formerly Twitter)
--------------------

A job position can also be shared on X. Click the :guilabel:`Share Now` button with the

> :icon:`fa-times`  icon above it.

Reviewer: Let's just use the X character for now, no icon needed (since it doesnt exist)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`(X)` icon above it.
```
